# TARHUR923_PTO2303_GroupB_TarrynHurrell_IWA19Capstone
The project brief for IWA19 Final Capstone Project: 

"As a junior JavaScript developer, you have been approached by a small startup called Book Connect. They run a social media platform specifically targeted at book enthusiasts. A basic version of the product was created by another freelance developer.

The team was extremely impressed by their HTML and CSS code. However, it eventually became clear that the developer was not entirely honest about their competency with JavaScript. While the client is happy with the current HTML and CSS, they have asked you to review the existing JavaScript code. Currently, it throws several errors preventing the code from even running. You will have to fix all critical issues, as well as do a full audit of the existing code. The goal is to highlight areas where improvements can be made to performance, readability and future maintainability. The client has provided you with prioritised user stories by means of the current backlog. These user stories express the product behaviour as intended, and the app will not be considered as fixed unless all these user stories are met.

While you understand that the task will be challenging and frustrating at times, you know that this is a fantastic opportunity for you to gain experience as a junior developer. You will be able to showcase your skills and demonstrate your ability to troubleshoot and improve existing code. They have asked you to spend a week digging into the codebase and compile your recommendations into a slideshow to be presented to the team at the end of the week."
